feature: add support for rhcc (#12)
aerogear/mobile-services-installer: README.md

1. Make sure you are targeting OpenShift instance with installed Ansible Service Broker (run `oc projects` and search for `openshift-automation-service-broker` or `openshift-ansible-service-broker`)
2. Run the installation playbook:
    
    If you want to use the community releases, run the following command:

    ```
    ansible-playbook install-mobile-services.yml
    ```

>     If you want to use the productized releases from RedHat Container Catalog, please use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to use the productized releases from Red Hat Container Catalog, please use the following command:
```

It's always "Red Hat", never "RedHat".

    ```
    ansible-playbook install-mobile-services.yml -e "ansible_playbookbundle_registry_type=rhcc"
    ```

>     If authentication is required, you can set them via these variables: `rhcc_registry_auth_name` and `rhcc_registry_auth_type`.

Reviewer 2: We should refer to some documentation where this variables are explained, e.g. [here](https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/blob/master/docs/config.md#registry-configuration)
